Update documentation for SPARQL query editor (#1211)
aws/graph-explorer: additionaldocs/features/README.md

##### Query Search

- Allows execution of any valid database query, including mutations
- When adding an edge, its connected nodes are automatically included
- Displays scalar values in results (though these cannot be added to the graph)
- Paginates large result sets
- Results can be added to the graph individually or all at once
- Supports cancellation of long-running queries
- Some limitations exist for SPARQL queries

>   - Does not support synthetically generated RDF from `CONSTRUCT` queries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - No support for synthetically generated RDF from `CONSTRUCT` queries
```

>   - Does not support blank node results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - No support for blank node results
```

>   - `SELECT` queries always result in scalar values, even for resource URIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `SELECT` queries only returns scalar values, even for resource URIs
```

>   - `INSERT` and `DELETE` queries are not supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - No support for `INSERT` and `DELETE` queries
```
